[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today's talk is about the
fractal holographic universe
theory.
I'm going to bring forward some
information about this theory
that you may or may
not have known before.
I think a lot of
people probably will
be shocked by some
of the information
that I bring forward.
And see how I present it and
how it relates to us, not only
from the distant past, and our
current time, and then, again,
going into the future, what is
the future of sentient beings
in the multiverse.
So I'll just start
off by telling you
a little bit about myself
for those of you who
may not know about me.
I am the founder of
forbidden knowledge dot
com with the number 4.
It's a website, and a
blog, and social media
that I started back
in around 2011,
and now has kind of grown into
kind of a semi-phenomenon.
But along with
forbidden knowledge,
it's sprung off a lot
of other entities,
or social media accounts, and
other websites, and blogs.
All in total I have
over 130 social media
accounts that cover everything
from ancient history, sciences,
quantum physics, metaphysics,
vortex mathematics,
plant-based alternatives,
Anunnaki history, sports.
I mean, the list goes on and on.
I've got a very,
very huge network,
including of course, YouTube,
and many other networks.
All and told, between
all of my accounts,
I have a little over
3 million people
that follow the information
that I'm putting out.
So I really want
to thank everybody
that has supported taking part,
that has followed, subscribed,
or whatever, and
just kind of help
me progress and put
out this information
and share it worldwide.
I'm also on a series
called "Deep Space"
on Gaia TV, season 1 and 2.
There's another season filming.
I'll be on that one.
And there's also
"Ancient Civilizations"
that I've been on as
well, season 1 and 2.
And now I'm in the process
of writing and completing
a series that I'll be doing on
Gaia under their Ascension tab
which is going to be talking
about knowledge for ascension
with Billy Carson.
So I'm really
excited about that.
And I want to thank
Gaia for being
able to live stream this
information around the world,
and giving people an opportunity
to log in and be able to learn,
and help raise their
consciousness if they couldn't
have a way to get here.
So that's an amazing feat.
And I want to thank
Gaia for doing that.
I'm also the co-founder
of the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
And I'll give you a
quick history about that.
About probably in
2010 going into 2011,
I got into looking
for space anomalies.
And I got into this
through this site
called "Worldwide Telescope."
So I went to
WorldwideTelescope.org.
And it was a very
interesting way
that I was given
this information.
But I got the
information nonetheless.
And I started researching
space anomalies.
And when you go into
WorldwideTelescope.org,
at that time, you had
to download software
onto your computer.
So I downloaded the
software, installed it.
And as soon as I opened
it up, I realized
I was in our solar system
looking through all the space
probes and rovers,
all the space data
that we've acquired over
many decades is in that site.
And you get a chance to
not only analyze the data,
but you can actually-- it gives
you the sense as if you're
actually visiting the
rover or the space probe
and looking through its camera.
That's the perspective that you
get, the perspective that it
took the images or video from.
So it's absolutely amazing.
Through this research that
I just kind of stumbled on
in a way, I discovered
anomalies on Mars.
And when I discovered anomalies
on Mars, these objects that
were on the surface
of Mars that appeared
to be similar objects to
what we would recognize
as being objects on Earth.
That's when I started to really
question the nature of reality
itself, and figuring out,
OK, there's things there
and things here that
kind of look the same.
How could this be?
And that took me down the
rabbit hole so, as they say,
looking for information as to
how another civilization can
establish itself
on another planet
and have similar
objects to ours.
And that took me to looking
into the ancient past.
Because obviously what I thought
I was seeing was very, very old
and partially destroyed.
And I said, it's
got to be ancient.
That's when I started looking
into ancient tablets--
Sumerian tablets,
Emerald tablets,
Mahabharata, Bog Raghida,
the Indian Vedas,
all these different sources
of ancient information.
And then I sort of realizing
that, from the perspective
of the people that put
this information out,
these civilizations
were not only real,
they were here, not only
in our solar system,
but also intergalactically.
People were actually even
traveling from galaxy
to galaxy at one point.
There were space battles.
There's a reason why Mars
is called the god of war.
After you analyze it
more, you discover
that there's xenon
in the atmosphere,
weapons-grade xenon, which
is a nuclear signature.
So you realize that
there was a lot going on
in the ancient past.
And the more I dug
into the ancient past,
I've started to
discover that there's
a lot of truth and reality,
in my personal opinion,
based on what I've
seen on Earth,
and based on what I've seen now
in space, that these anomalies
are actually real.
And that they're evidence of
a very, very highly advanced
culture which we're going
to touch on a little bit
today because they
have a lot to do
with the nature of our reality.
By the way, shameless
plug, I did write a book.
The book is called "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
It is here.
We have about 40 books here.
This is the limited
edition version.
They'll be autographed for
you at the end of the show.
If you want to meet me
right outside the door.
I'm of course sure somebody else
will have to come up in here.
I can meet you out there.
And we'll autograph the
books and get them to you.
So the book is available.
But it covers everything from
holographic universe theory,
quantum physics, quantum
mechanics, metaphysics.
It goes into what we're
talking about today.
And it talks about
how the ancient past
is tied into the present day
and also into the future.
And it breaks down
the Emerald tablets
almost section by
section and gives you
a better understanding of
exactly what's being said,
what's being told,
and what the lessons
need to be learned from there.
So if you're
interested in the book,
it definitely is available.
But at the end, I will
go out in the hallway
and I can make those
available to you.
One of the things I
pride myself on doing
is I pride myself on
traveling around the world
and getting out to these sites.
As I became a researcher of
all of these ancient sites
and realizing that
they really correlated
to modern technology and
current day, I said to myself,
I've got to get out
there in the field.
And I pride myself on that.
It's not that I'm
bragging about it,
but I want people to know
that I feel it is very, very
important for me,
at least, that I'm
a researcher that gets out
and gets his hands dirty.
I want to go out to places.
I want to smell, and
feel, and touch them.
Do my own research,
my own investigation.
I want to talk to
homegrown people
that grew up in those areas.
I want to find out
what they have to say,
what their legends are.
I want to talk to shamen.
I want to talk to
spiritual leaders.
I want to get in
these people's faces.
And that's what I set out
to do as I began to take
this as a real serious way.
I don't want to call it
a hobby, because I really
call it an ascension mission.
As I began to take on
this ascension mission,
I really felt like
it was something
that I really had to get
involved with and do.
So I'm going to show
you a couple of photos
of myself traveling.
This here is a photo at the
top of Machu Picchu, which was
taken this September, actually.
It was on my birthday.
And me and my beautiful
fiancee are actually
standing here at the edge.
There's actually
about a 250 meter drop
right there at the edge
of where we're standing.
Literally just
drops straight off.
And there's actually hundreds
of people in this photo.
That's how high up we
are, about 12,500 feet.
The people are the size of ants
down there in the city below,
which is still about 11,000
feet above sea level.
So this place is a
massive, massive--
I like to call it
an ancient airport.
It seemed like a place
where people would meet up.
And it's almost like going
to the LAX, in a way,
in ancient times, to
be honest with you.
And when you look at--
yeah, I'm serious.
When you start reading a
lot of these ancient texts,
you realize that the gods
the quote, unquote "gods"
always dwelled at the
tops of mountains.
And their ships were always
seen going from mountain
to mountain.
And they would travel from place
to place on these mountaintops.
Of course, due to
security reasons,
and staying away
from other indigenous
beings, and so forth and so on.
But this place just resonates
high tech everywhere
when you go there.
It's an amazing place.
And if you can ever make it
there, I highly recommend it.
This is me there now
down in the city area.
And you can see, if you
look at the back top,
we were all the way up there.
So this place is
a massive place.
And you can barely
see the people there.
Something happened there.
[APPLAUSE]
So I figured, we're
as close to the gods
as you can possibly get.
And if I get down
on one knee here,
the possibility of her saying
no would probably be very low.
[LAUGHTER]
I was weighing my odds.
And I thought, if she did say
no, I could just roll myself
off the edge right there.
[LAUGHTER]
And be like, I'm out of here.
It's time to ascend.
[LAUGHS] So luckily, she
said, yes, thank you.
I appreciate you.
I love you, babe.
And that was a great trip.
This is us in Cambodia.
We went to Cambodia.
We went hiking 37
miles in 100% humidity,
120 degrees per day weather
through the jungles of Cambodia
on 500 hectares of land.
And this was actually
towards the end of the trip.
We almost didn't take this shot.
One of the reasons
why I proposed to her
was because she never complained
one time on this trip.
And this was a brutal,
brutal attack on the senses.
This trip was a beautiful
place, don't get me wrong.
But wow, the heat
and the humidity
were a little overwhelming
at times for a lot of people.
But this was a beautiful place.
And we got to go
into Angkor Wat.
This is Angkor Wat behind us.
Go into Angkor Wat, go up into
the upper levels of the temple.
Got blessed by monks
and everything else.
So it was just an amazing
experience to go there.
But also to witness
the technology.
Because one of the things
that you understand here
is that the ancients or
the people that are there,
their legends are that this
temple was poured into place
and it was built in
a day and a night.
And it's super massive,
a super massive temple.
So it's an amazing place.
The energy there is outstanding.
This is Coral Castle in Miami.
So some people
say, well, I never
get a chance to go to
these ancient sites.
Well, there's a place in
Florida, down in Miami, called
Coral Castle, and I highly
recommend you go there.
Because a man by the name
of Edward Leedskalnin, who's
only about 4 foot 9 and
weighed about maybe 110 pounds,
built a megalithic
castle in Miami, Florida,
which still stands today.
It's actually a museum.
You can go there and
you can visit this place
and see some amazing
stone work done
by a man who can probably
barely lift this podium that I'm
standing at.
And he used advanced technology
that he learned from,
according to him, from Egypt.
He learned the secrets of how
to reverse the magnetic polarity
of stone, and cut them, and
maneuver them into place
through ancient technology.
So it's an amazing
place to go visit,
the Coral Castle in Miami.
I've been to, here
on the far left,
that is Tulum, down in Mexico.
Tulum was an amazing place.
It's a megalithic city built
on the edge of a cliff, which
overlooks the Gulf.
And then, the second one is
down into the Yucatan Peninsula,
actually the next two, down
into the Yucatan Peninsula,
into Chichen Itza to
see these pyramids.
That was my return to
Chichen Itza after 20 years.
My first time being back
there after 20 years,
to give me an idea how long
I've been exploring places.
I'm kind of aging
myself here now.
But back then, the
first time I went,
you could climb to the top.
Now, you can't climb to the top
anymore, because of some things
some tourists did,
unfortunately.
This is me in Tula, Mexico.
This is at the
top of the Pyramid
of Cuicuilco or Quetzalcoatl.
Or if you want to
call them Viracocha
or whatever you
want to call them.
It's a throne from
Egypt, same person.
But I'm standing
next to his guards
at the top of his pyramid.
And each one of
these, you probably
can't really see it from here.
They are each holding
a technological device
in their hands.
And they have backpacks on.
And they have chest
plates on, which
are very, very, very advanced.
The second picture
to the right, I'm
actually 2 meters down in a
cave in Cachuamilpa, Mexico.
That's where I was.
Down there, there's
actual carvings
of Egyptian faces, the
motif, like 90 meters
up above the floor of the cave.
It's an amazing place.
And we could have kept going.
It almost doesn't end.
But because of
lack of oxygen, you
have to turn back and walk
back towards the entrance.
Otherwise, you
start to suffocate.
There were some graves
down there, by the way.
Some people didn't make it.
This is me standing on top of
the Pyramid of the Moon right
in front of the
Avenue of the Dead.
And behind me is the
Pyramid of the Sun, which
is the largest pyramid there.
And that Pyramid of
the Sun is exactly 50%
the height of the Pyramid at
Giza and the same exact size
base.
Here I am at Giza at the Great
Pyramid standing out front.
And then, on the
second picture, I'm
actually on the inside
of the Great Pyramid,
inside the King's
Chamber, looking
at what they call
the sarcophagus,
which actually is
not a sarcophagus.
The dimensions of this box
are the same exact dimensions
of the Ark of the
Covenant that's
spoken about in the
Bible and biblical texts.
It would fit
directly in this box.
And you see that chunk
that's missing on the corner?
Well, across the other
side of the room, which
you can't see from
that perspective,
that chunk flew off,
and it hit the wall,
and left a dent
in the exact shape
that it hit, a
dent in that wall,
because of an explosion
that happened in there.
Probably an energetic
explosion happened at some time
in the distant past.
And that's what it was.
But this box is talked about
in the Emerald tablets.
Thoth talks about it.
And he talks about
how it can create
a multidimensional portal.
And you can travel from
one place to another.
So the Great Pyramid
of Giza, which
we'll talk about
a little bit today
when we're talking about the
fractal holographic universe,
was a multidimensional
multifunctional stone computer
that was capable of not only
generating wireless power
electricity.
It was also capable
of generating portals.
It was capable of
transmitting sound and voices
through obelisk technology
around the planet.
So it's very interesting
place, and a very amazing place
to visit.
I'm taking some people there
this year on a tour, as well.
I'm inside the King's
Chamber again here.
But I just wanted to
point something out
before I proceeded to
the actual information
about the holographic universe.
The King's Chamber, the
speed of light in a vacuum
is 299,792 meters per second.
But here's the thing I
want to say about this.
People say, how can this
be meters per second?
How can meters per second be
real in ancient times, when
we just discovered
meters in modern times?
Well, if you look into
the Sumerian tablets,
and go to proto
Sumerian, you discover
that the Sumerians already had a
metric system in ancient times.
We're talking 8,000
to 10,000 years ago,
the metric system
already existed.
And some of those
proto Sumerian tablets
that have that
mathematical meter system
have been discovered right here
in America, down in Mexico.
Go figure.
Again, evidence that
these civilizations
traveled from Mesopotamia to
the Americas and back and forth.
The Atlantean civilization, as
we'll talk about a little bit
today, was a global
civilization, probably
most likely
interplanetary, not just
a ring city sitting in the
middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
This is me at the
top of Ollantaytambo.
This is a great photo
here that I love.
It's really at the
top of a mountain.
And getting up there
is kind of brutal.
The air is very, very thin.
And this is me at--
a lot of people like to
call this Sacsayhuaman
or sexy woman, is how
they like to say it.
But Sacsayhuaman in Peru.
And I'm standing there
with our guide, Elvis.
That's his actually real name.
His real name is Elvis.
But look at the size of
those blocks behind me.
I mean, I'm 6 foot 4.
You can see the mass of these
stones and these blocks.
And you see this same exact
technology being used worldwide
on a global scale.
So now that we've gone
over that a little
bit and showed, just trying
to show you that I really
have gone and done a
lot of field research
to come up with a lot of
these theories, and ideas,
and concepts.
It's not like I just
rolled out of bed
one day in a robe and slippers
and said, you know what?
I think this is what happened.
And that's the point that
I'm trying to make to you.
I think it's very important
that you have to understand,
it's not one of those things.
Oh, this guy just
reads Google all day,
and now he's up here on a stage.
I really put a lot of blood,
sweat, tears, and years,
and dedication into learning
this information, this content,
and trying to put together
the pieces of the puzzle.
Because I see things a lot
differently than most people.
And that's given
me the capability
to help paint pictures.
This picture I took at the Field
Museum in Chicago, actually.
And there's a fractal
holographic scene
there at the Field
Museum in Chicago,
where you can actually go
and learn about fractals.
And you can see fractals
on computer screens.
And you can find out how they
work, and how they develop,
and how the nature of
our reality is fractal.
So we're living in
a fractal universe.
And this is science
peer reviewed fact.
It's not even a mystery.
It's not, oh, my god, I
wonder if this could be real?
Are fractals a real thing?
I'm here to tell
you that fractals
are a peer reviewed science.
It's not even a mystery.
As a matter of
fact, the majority
of the video games that your
kids are probably playing,
and your grandchildren
play, for some of you,
are all based on fractal
mathematics, which we're going
to go into a little bit today.
Now, I want people to
understand something.
When I say that we're living in
a fractal holographic universe,
the first thing that
sometimes happens
is people start to say, well,
if it means I'm not real,
if I'm living in a hologram.
That's not exactly it.
What I'm trying to say is,
the nature of the reality,
for what it is set up
and formed and created,
is a fractal and
both holographic.
And it doesn't mean
that you're not real.
It doesn't mean your
thoughts aren't real
and your kids aren't real.
And it doesn't mean we're
not really here today.
What it really means
is that the method used
for the creation
of this dimension
that we're occupying
right now consciously was,
this is the method that
was used to create it.
In other words, I'm
giving you a sneak peek
into the software program
developed by a divine creator.
This is what we're
looking at right here, OK?
And so when you read some
of these ancient texts,
and that everybody
from every religion
and every different
type of spirituality
is talking about we're living
in a creation, guess what?
They're all correct.
In my opinion,
they're all correct.
We are living in a creation.
What I'm attempting
to do here today
is show you how this
creation came to be
and what method was
used to create it.
What is a fractal?
Let's look at the exact
definition of a fractal
and why it's important.
A fractal is a curve
or geometric figure,
each part of which has the
same statistical character
as the whole.
Fractals are useful
in modeling structures
such as eroded
coastlines or snowflakes,
in which similar patterns
recur at progressively
smaller scales.
And in describing partly
random chaotic phenomena,
such as crystal growth, fluid
turbulence, and the most
important, galaxy formation.
So fractals are responsible
for galaxy formation.
So that should raise
a bell right there.
We're talking about
something that's
very, very important
because we're
talking about the creation
that we're living in, as well.
Now, we're living in
the Milky Way galaxy.
And the Milky Way galaxy can
be broken down into fractals.
And we're going to go over
that a little bit today.
18 quadrillion planets
in one video game.
One video that fits on the
size of a DVD can be played.
And the reason why
is because, when
you're using a fractal
pattern, the next frame only
appears as you need it.
So if you're on a video
game, and you're playing,
as you get through
the different levels.
Now, I've got to go back
to Donkey Kong or Pac-Man,
because I can't even
operate these joysticks.
I need the Atari 2600,
one stick and one button.
But you would go
through the Donkey Kong.
And as you got to different
levels, all of a sudden,
the next screen would appear.
I've made to this, OK.
Now I've got to
fight this guy and I
gotta try to jump
over these things,
or whatever the case may be.
Same thing with Pac-Man.
So as you go through
the different areas,
it just keeps evolving.
But the reason why
it keeps evolving
is because what happens is, like
we are here on this real life,
the next frame appears
when you need it.
So right now, we're all here.
And everything else
outside of here
that you can't see physically
with your eyeballs,
our rudimentary senses,
doesn't even exist.
It only exists as
electromagnetic waves.
Everything really truly only
is an electromagnetic wave.
Right now, passing
through this entire area
are trillions and
quadrillions of
these electromagnetic
frequencies
that are just passing through.
What happens?
How does it collapse into
something that we decipher,
that you see me up here,
and I see you down there,
and you see this screen here,
and so forth, and so on?
It's an illusion.
It's a very elaborate illusion.
So what happens is, when
you look at the double slit
experiment in quantum
physics, and you
discover that when
you look at an object,
an atom, the actual
object of looking
at it, conscious
observation, changes
the direction, and the
vibration, and frequency,
or the position of the atom.
So you're talking about now
conscious observation changing
reality, collapsing
reality into something
we call digital matter.
So I'll give you an example.
The human brain is
encased in darkness.
It's inside of your skull.
It can't see, smell,
touch, hear, feel anything.
It doesn't know that
anything exists anywhere.
But what it does, the human
brain, it has friends.
So it says to its
friends, hey, you guys,
I want you to go out
there and collect
some information for me.
Collect me some data.
These friends, sight, hearing,
seeing, smelling, touch,
feeling-- all the senses--
they all go out.
They start collecting
information, literally
zeros and ones, bits of data.
They themselves, these friends,
they literally cannot decipher
what they're collecting.
They have no idea.
They're just getting
the information,
just getting it all together.
They bring it back
to the brain that's
totally encased in darkness.
And then, guess what happens?
The brain puts it all
together, figures it
all out within a split second.
And then it projects a hologram
of what's going on out there.
And that's how you navigate
through the third dimension.
You're navigating through
projected holograms
from conscious technology.
And that's how we're
all here right now.
OK?
So this is the power
of consciousness.
And in true reality, like I was
talking about the other day,
I'm not even up
here talking to you.
I'm talking to myself.
And when you're
talking to somebody,
you're not talking to somebody.
You're talking to yourself.
There's only one consciousness.
There's only one entity.
There's only one being.
There's only one
it, one divinity.
And what has happened,
it's divided itself
into trillions and
trillions of entities
throughout the entire universe
so that it can experience
itself subjectively from
different perspectives,
different angles, different
mindsets, different thought
processes, different feelings,
and so forth and so on.
Because why?
As above, so below.
So consciousness itself
is collecting data.
So what are we doing here?
We are the friends
of consciousness.
We are part of it.
And we are out here
collecting information.
That is our mission.
We collect data and
information through our lives,
through our interactions.
And we send that
information streaming
back through consciousness
back to the source.
We're on a data
collection mission.
Why?
Because consciousness is trying
to experience these dimensions
itself.
And that's what this
whole thing is about.
That's what the big
experiment is all about.
It's a giant
conscious experiment.
The same way that it
works on the highest level
is the same way it works
here at the lowest level
inside of our own minds.
We literally project
our own holograms.
And we create our
own reality tunnels.
Collectively, we
co-create reality
through the divinity that flows
in us, through us, and out
of us.
Through this consciousness,
this conscious energy.
But individually, we also
have to create our own reality
tunnels.
And this is what a
lot of people, they
don't know and understand.
So when you're
talking about things
like the law of attraction
and how it works.
This all has to do with
the holographic nature
of the universe.
All of it has to do with tapping
into the software, the software
programming which
we're going to go over
a little bit in a minute.
What program are
we operating in?
We're operating in
literal programming
that has built this realm
that we're operating in.
And you can manifest things
here through thought.
Because conscious thought is
what powers this whole system.
So through this
conscious thought,
if you need something,
or desire something,
or have to have something,
whether it's a healing,
or whether it's a situation,
wherever the case may be,
you have to meet consciousness
at its highest frequency for it
to manifest.
So when people are--
every day, there's 7.5
billion people on this planet.
Out of this 7.5
billion people, 85.9%
of the people that live on
this planet are religious.
Out of those 89.5% people, there
are trillions and trillions
of prayers going up every day.
Every single day.
Trillions of prayers.
Because if I pray two
or three times a day,
even if you're saying,
oh, god, help me,
this is whatever it is.
Trillions of prayers going up
a day when you multiply that.
And the state of the
world is, in some places,
is extremely,
extremely horrible.
And a lot of people are
not getting the things
that they're
wishing to manifest.
And it's not because
they can't do it.
It's because they're using
the wrong software code.
The code that they're
using does not work.
It doesn't interface with
the existing programming.
The programming language
of the law of attraction,
the holographic matrix, is
high frequency programming.
You must meet and
match the frequency
to quantum entangle with
the universal source,
with the universal
consciousness,
to allow yourself
to manifest things.
Let me explain what I mean here.
So if you're in a
position of begging,
you're begging, begging,
please help me with this,
please, I need that, please,
I can't, I am sick, help me,
heal me.
Please help, I can't
pay my car payment.
Whatever it is, that is a
low frequency vibration.
This is scientifically proven.
This isn't even a mystery
where I'm just guessing
and I'm making it up.
This is real peer
reviewed science.
That type of thought process, if
you put a scanner on your brain
or nodes on your brain and look
at it on a computer screen,
it's going to give you a
very wide cosine range.
OK?
As it passes across and in and
throughout your body, and also
runs across your DNA.
When you're operating
in high frequency
where you're commanding,
you're coming
from a point of knowing
that it is already done.
Now your brainwaves operate
on a shorter cosine frequency,
if you know what that
is in mathematics.
And you have more
touches on your DNA
as these frequencies
come through you
and go out of your body.
So now you're operating at a
higher scientific frequency
through your brain, through your
consciousness, through the way
you're thinking.
And when I say, it is
done, I'm talking about,
when you're saying,
I need something.
Like for example, on my
way here, every time I
get on an airplane, I never
go, please so-and-so, deity,
please help me arrive
at my destination safely
and that nothing happens to me.
That's low frequency.
Doesn't work.
I say, I command and
bless my path on my way
to my destination.
And then I visualize my path.
I visualize the exact
path that I'm taking
to get to these destinations.
And I say, I will arrive safely.
In other words, my
prayer is, it's done
and it's already happened.
It's not, please,
help it happen.
It's done.
And it's going to be OK.
And this is the mindset
that they used in the East
and when they're doing
healings with people--
the Reiki healing, through
different types of healing
in Tibet, where they actually--
Gregg Braden was on a video.
You can look up the video,
actually, on YouTube.
Gregg Braden is there
with a live scan
of a woman with a
bladder cancer ball
about the size of-- a little
bit bigger than a golf ball.
And you see it disappear
within about 15 minutes.
And the doctors, who are not
using any kind of medicine,
are simply chanting a prayer.
Oop-shah.
And what they're saying
is, she's already healed.
That's the prayer.
The prayer is, she's
already healed.
The prayer is not,
please, heal this woman
and take away this cancer.
The prayer is, she's healed.
And within 15 minutes you
see the bladder cancer
ball just literally disappear
and evaporate right on camera.
Amazing stuff, OK?
So this is using the correct
interface and software
technology that we're living in.
We're living in a
software program.
This will give you an idea of
how fractal technology works.
This is a video from my
partner in Pantheon Elite
Records, Donny Arcade.
And he's actually on this track
saying a couple of lyrics.
Listen to the lyrics.
And also watch how,
no matter how deep
we zoom in on this
image, it always
takes you to another world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the darkness
our daylight tour.
Killed their wicked hearts.
Rays go right through them.
Can't blame them.
If we could see influence
made by entities who
want to see cities in ruins.
You could feel it like Phil
Collins there in the night.
So much tension could turn
a blazed key with a slice.
The wiz code is humbling.
I'm living my life.
They don't know I've got
the power to a poltergeist.
Why you defenseless?
11, 11 sequences.
Keep me all on track like GPSs.
More blessings.
Yeah, more blessings.
Yes, this the essence.
Yes, you feel the presence.
Superior intelligence.
Relying on my melanin.
Want to know what's
heaven sent, preaching
by where they never went.
Dimensions they
ain't never been.
Huh.
Who you think you are,
looking down upon?
I swear to God, you're
the furthest from God.
Lower vibrations, further
from where we are.
And for the lack of the monolith
this will turn to rust, Zeus.
>> This is a simple,
one-minute video using fractal
mathematics.
No matter how far you zoom
in, it'll go through infinity.
It'll never end.
World after world
after world after world
after world after world.
This is what we're living in.
We're living in a fractal
holographic matrix
that you'll never find
the edge of the universe.
You'll never find it.
No matter how far you look,
you'll never find the edge.
This is what's happening.
This is what's going to happen.
We're living in a
software program.
Good question.
That's what I'm going
to answer at the end.
Good question.
>> Geometry, the
structure of nature,
is designed on the basis of
what is called fractal geometry.
And fractal geometry--
>> I'm only going to play
two minutes of this video.
>> --is unique geometry, not
the one we learned at school.
The geometry we did
learn in school,
called Euclidean geometry, you
can't model nature with it.
All those triangles,
cones, cubes,
and spheres are not what
nature really looks like.
But when we were five
years old, in kindergarten,
we made a tree, we
made a Euclidean tree.
We had a cylinder for the
trunk and a ball for the top.
But obviously, that's
not nature like.
That geometry is not
the nature geometry.
We now recognize
this new geometry
that really came into our
world in 1983 with the work
that Benoit Mandelbrot from
IBM called fractal geometry.
And it's a different
version of geometry.
And it's very exciting.
But here's the fundamental
key characteristic
of this geometry.
Built into the nature
of the mathematics
is a reality that
images of the structure
repeat themselves in a
very self-similar fashion
at any level of the organization
that you're talking about.
So if you want to talk
about cells, or people,
or civilizations, they're all
built on the same geometry.
But the keyword for most
people to understand
is that this geometry links an
ancient mystical understanding.
There was a phrase that people
familiar are with, "as above,
so below."
Well, in this new
geometry, that becomes
mathematical and
scientific as a reality.
>> Every atom is a mini black
hole that it has infinite
density, that it has
infinite potential.
That everything has
singularity at its center.
The vacuum energy, the structure
of the vacuum itself interlinks
or entangles all protons.
The proton being the
nuclei of an atom.
That all the nucleus
of atoms are entangled
because of the
structure of the vacuum.
That the structure, that the
vacuum is not a passive vacuum
but an active vacuum
that has a role
to play in the creation
of our material world.
But as well, is the structure
that connects all things.
So actually, this is a
mathematical rendering
of the concept,
everything is one.
So that it actually is
mathematically proven.
>> That's why I can study the
nature of a cell and understand
the nature of a human.
Because a human is a
fractal image of a cell.
We're made out of cells.
We're just a large
version of a cell.
And so that a human
body turns out not
to be a one thing, as
we see it in the mirror,
but when we really understand,
if you could see it
with microscopic eyes so you
could see what it looked like,
you'd recognize that a human
body is a community of upwards
of 50 trillion cells.
Every cell is essentially
a miniature human.
Because virtually every
cell has every function
that I have in my body.
It's already present.
As a matter of fact, any
function that I do with my body
is only because a cell
can do that function,
because I'm made out of cells.
>> Do you understand
how deep that is?
I mean, I put my colleagues on
here, Bruce Lipton and Nassim
Hariman, because
they're respected, real,
what I like to call real,
in the field scientists
and physicists.
And it's not just me
saying these things up here
on the stage.
It's backed up by
real people that
have done the real research
and have gone out there
and really got into
it at another level.
So now, I'm going to go a
little bit into the distant past
before we come back
to the future again.
I'm going to talk a little
bit about Thoth the Atlantean.
And there's something
called the Emerald tablets,
which is what my
book is based on,
the Emerald tablets of Thoth.
This is why I wrote
the book, because it's
so unbelievably amazing what was
talked about 36,000 years ago.
I want to add a little
bit of credibility
to the Emerald tablets
because a lot of people
think they may be
a little ambiguous,
and that they may
have not existed,
or nobody ever knew about them.
And that's actually incorrect.
The history of the
Emerald tablets
is very strong and
well documented.
The original text was written
in Thoth's Atlantean language.
The version that I'll be
referencing in this workshop
is translated by
Michael Doreal and can
be found on CrystalLinks.com.
A new translation
has been published
from the Arabic version
of the Emerald tablets.
And it's a book called,
"The Book of Causes"
written by the famous
Thomas Aquinas.
I'm pretty sure people
have heard of this guy.
A translation by
Sir Isaac Newton,
you might have
heard of this guy,
was found among his alchemical
papers that are currently
housed in the King's
College Library
at Cambridge University.
So you can go to
Cambridge University
and you can actually look at
this with your own eyeballs.
OK, it exists.
Philip of Tripoli also
translated the Emerald tablets
in 1240 AD.
And also a famous
version he wrote
called "The Book of
the Secret of Creation
in the Art of Nature"
was written 683 AD.
We're talking about well
documented information
here when we talk about
the Emerald tablets.
A famous author
named Roger Bacon
was accepted into Oxford
University at the age of 13.
He also translated and wrote a
version of the Emerald tablets.
He was an English
philosopher, Franciscan friar,
who placed considerable
emphasis on the study of nature
through empirical methods.
In the early modern era he
was regarded as a wizard,
and particularly
famed for the story
of his mechanical, new
chromatic brazen head.
He was building
robots back then.
This guy is that advanced.
And he's sometimes
credited as one
of the earliest
European advocates
of the modern scientific
method inspired by Aristotle
and later by scholars
such as the Arab scientist
named Al-Hasan.
So we're talking
about something that
is real, solid, and has been
touched by many, many very
studious people.
36,000 year old texts.
This is why this
text is so important.
Because it predates everything
by so many tens of thousands
of years.
We're talking two
processional periods.
So if you're talking about the
star movements across the sky,
two processional periods back.
This is when the
Sphinx was built.
Thoth himself starts off
in the Emerald tablets,
"I builded the Great
Pyramid, patterned
after the pyramid of Earth's
force burning eternally,
so that it, too, might
remain through the ages."
Thoth built the pyramid.
Not only that, his dad ordered
him to build the Sphinx.
And when you look at
the weathering patterns
on the Sphinx, now
archeologists and geologists
are starting to discover
that, forget 5,000 years,
forget 10,000, forget 13,000.
Now, it's looking and
pointing towards two
new processional
periods back in time
to point towards a
constellation of Leo.
And that takes us back
to 36,000 years ago,
at the exact time when the
Emerald tablets were written.
So again, as more validation
to this information.
So who was Thoth?
He is also known as
Hermes Trismegistus,
or some of the modern
day fashion Hermes.
OK?
As I was told recently.
[LAUGHS] Somebody is--
reminds me of Jesus
going into the temple
and knocking over the
change, the guys who
were selling and gambling at
the temple and everything.
If you read that
part of the Bible.
It's kind of taken
Thoth again here,
because I really believe
there's a connection there,
and turned him into
a fashion statement.
But anyway, Thoth, master
of all arts and scientists.
Perfect in all crafts.
Ruler of the three worlds.
Scribe of the gods and
keeper of the book of life.
We're going to talk about what
the book of life actually is,
as well.
Thoth, Hermes Trismegistus.
Three times the greatest
is what it really means.
He was the first intelligencer.
In other words, he was
one of the smartest people
to ever walk on this
planet, probably
even in our solar system.
He was regarded by the
ancient Egyptians, which
is really the land of Kem long
before the term Egyptian even
existed.
He was regarded
as the embodiment
of the universal mind,
while in all probability,
there actually existed a great
sage and educator by the name
of Hermes or Hermes.
It is possible to extricate
that the historical man
from the mass of
legendary accounts which
an attempt to identify him
with the cosmic principle
of thought.
We're talking about Thoth
the Atlantean priest King
from the land of Kem,
36,000 years ago,
when he wrote this in his own
hand, the Emerald tablets.
He didn't have a
scribe write it.
He wrote it himself.
He talks about everything
that we're talking about now
in the Emerald tablets.
That we're living in a
holographic dream world.
And that you can travel through
this holographic dreamworld
by transcending
the physical body,
and having astral projections,
and using your mind
to travel through the universe.
And in the book, he talks
about going through portals,
using his mind, and actually
getting out and visiting
other civilizations, and
watching them rise and fall.
You know how long it takes for
a civilization to rise and fall?
We're talking tens of
thousands of years.
He also had the
capability in the book,
which is why it's so amazing,
to create avatar bodies.
In other words,
humanoid bodies, just
like in the movie "Avatar,"
and transfer his consciousness
into a new body.
And then, when that body
was starting to wear out,
he would put that
body in something
called the Halls of Amenti
inside of a rejuvenation
chamber.
And while that body was
rejuvenating for 100 years,
he would walk amongst
men in another body.
And he would transfer his
consciousness back and forth
into these different bodies.
And according to him in
these Emerald tablets,
he did it 100 times 100.
That's 100,000 years
that this being
has been walking,
according to him,
around this universe in
multiple different bodies
by transferring consciousness.
And that sounds like, wow.
That sounds, this
is just outrageous.
But not really.
If you think about it, if
you research the Avatar
project by DARPA, the
United States military.
This is public information.
You can Google it
and look it up.
D-A-R-P-A, Avatar project.
They now have a
symbiotic relationship
between a soldier and
an actual field robot
where they transfer the
soldier's consciousness
into a field robot
and operate it.
OK?
There's another project
called the 2045 project.
You can go to
2045.com, 2-0-4-5.com.
Ray Kurzweil out of Russia
has now started and funded
this project over a decade ago.
The first round was
already completed,
transfer a monkey's
consciousness into a computer.
This monkey thinks it is alive.
It's eating bananas and
climbing trees in a computer.
But the body, the
physical body, is gone.
The consciousness
has been transferred.
By 2010, they were hoping
to transfer consciousness
from a human being into a robot.
Now, they claim that
they haven't done it yet.
OK?
Yeah.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yes.
"Transcendence."
Very, very similar.
That was a great movie.
I just saw that movie, actually,
maybe six or seven months ago.
Great movie.
She's talking about a movie
called "Transcendence," where
Johnny Depp was in,
where he transferred
his consciousness out of
his body into the internet.
This is all real
science, real technology.
It's not something.
So I'm trying to show you,
when you look at 36,000 year
old texts, this guy says he's
transferring his consciousness.
And now I'm bringing
you to 2019,
and I'm telling you that we're
now transferring consciousness.
It's real.
It's not hypothetical.
This is real science and
real stuff that's going on.
This is a slide image from
my friend, Gerald Clark.
He's an author of "The
Anunnaki of Nibiru"
and also, "The 7th
Planet, Mercury Rising."
He allowed me to use this
slide, also, in my book.
Thank you a lot, Gerald.
I appreciate it.
This book goes
over the dimensions
that Thoth talks about
in the Emerald tablets.
It's talking about the 14
lower dimensions, which
he goes into in
great depth, as well
as the fact that we're living
in a holographic universe.
And that there's this
human energy called
the Ba, which as you
know, in the Mer-Ka-Ba,
the Ba is the human energy.
That is basically locked
through this Ubi, to the Earth.
And then also, we're
talking about level
1, 2, and 3 where the
reincarnation process takes
place.
Because according
to Thoth, there's
a technology that
has been utilized,
an energetic technology
to re-encapsulate human
consciousness back
into reincarnating
bodies for the purpose of
using human beings as slaves
on this planet.
And this is what Thoth talks
about in 36,000-year-old texts.
This is amazing stuff.
He also talks about
the portal guard
to Osiris, the 12th House
illusion of the Duat,
the portal guards where,
if you want to really
try to ascend past, if
you see the one there
with the red,
where it says stop.
If you want to try to
send past the dimensions
to transcend space
time, you have
to get your mind and
your consciousness
to a certain level.
You have to reach a
certain level of mastery
over consciousness to be
able to ascend and get
past the portal guard of Osiris.
And then, once
you pass that, you
can travel down the
dimensions 1 through 9.
So it's an amazing
revelation that Thoth
talks about in ancient
times which correlates now
to more modern science.
When you look at
Michio Kaku talking
about the dimensions
of our universe,
and how there's a set number
of dimensions or the universe
will collapse on itself.
So again, we're talking about
ancient information correlating
to modern times.
And I go in depth
into this in the book.
So if you really want to
learn a lot more about it,
you've got to get the book.
Shameless plug.
[LAUGHTER]
A lot of people don't
realize that the pyramids
are built on a fractal pattern.
The pyramids on Earth.
All pyramids are built
on fractal patterns.
Triangles within triangles,
polygons within polygons,
basically.
And this technology is the
same architectural technology
used to build pyramids all over
the world, not only on Earth,
but also you could
find them on the Moon.
And when you go into
more of the space data,
you find them on Mars,
you find them on Titan.
You find them throughout
the entire solar system,
you find these pyramids.
You know, anybody here ever
been to Teotihuacan, Mexico?
You hear the guide or
the archeologist talk
about the fact that
the pyramids are
pyramids on top of pyramids.
The Pyramid of Moon is
not just one pyramid.
The Pyramid of the Sun
is not just one pyramid.
There's pyramids built on top
of pyramids, on top of pyramids,
on top of pyramids, to
create the structure
that you see at the top--
the outside skin, so to
speak, of the pyramid.
There are multiple pyramids
stacked on top of each other.
And no matter where
you go, you start
to discover that all pyramids
are built in this same fashion.
And so, again,
adding credibility
to the technology
of the distant past.
All around the
planet, you discover
this archeological
feat that they
were able to do using
this fractal technology
in this fractal design.
Because why?
Because they knew how
the universe worked.
And they were able to
understand "as above, so below,"
and replicate and
duplicate that into pyramid
technology, pyramids that were
multi-functional computers.
And they all had
different specific uses.
For example, there's a
Bent Pyramid in Egypt.
Now, the Bent Pyramid
in Egypt, they'll
tell you on TV that it
was bent at that angle
because, as they got
to a certain angle,
they made a mistake.
And then they realized, in
order to let it not collapse,
they had to take it to a sharper
angle, and all this crazy crap.
Fake.
Fake, OK?
The homegrown
Egyptologist, guy who
used to, as a kid, run
through the tunnels
underneath the pyramid
and play in the tunnels
under it as a kid,
that's the type of people
that I like to deal with, has
been inside the Bent Pyramid
many times.
There's a multiple chamber
inside that pyramid.
One fills with water.
And there's an upper
level where the actual--
they call him like a doctor, but
I forgot the exact terminology.
He called this doctor.
It's not really a
doctor, but something
like a physician
in ancient times
would go to this upper
area looking down.
And in the second chamber
that didn't have water,
they would put a human body.
Now, in the area where
they had the water,
they would have this
resonating sound like cymatics.
See?
So the cymatics, right
on cue, would then
create a frequency in
the second chamber.
And it would actually not
only illuminate the body.
See, it's working now.
And can you see my skeleton?
[LAUGHTER]
So it would illuminate the body.
And it would then make
a holographic X-ray
of the human being.
Then the physician looking
down from the upper level
would be able to tell what
was wrong with the person.
That's what the Bent Pyramid is.
It's an actual hospital.
OK?
It's lab equipment.
So a lot of the pyramids
around the world
have very, very
different features.
If you go to
Teotihuacan, Mexico,
you discover that when
you look down from above,
it looks like a
computer circuit board.
And when you look
at the tunnels that
connect the pyramids
at Teotihuacan,
you realize that
there's mica that
came from hundreds
of miles away lined
on the inside of those tunnels.
Mica is an electric insulator.
What is electric
insulation doing inside
of connecting tunnels
on a plateau that's
shaped like a computer circuit?
OK?
You've got to ask
yourself these questions.
So we're talking about some
very, very advanced people
that really understood
a lot of things.
When you look at this grid
map of the Earth, all of these
are power nodes on the planet.
And when you look at these
power nodes, amazingly,
what begins to happen, these
are scientifically proven power
nodes on the planet where
there's more magnetic energy
than others.
Everywhere you look at
one of those points,
there's a megalithic structure
or a gravitational anomaly
on this planet.
And then, when you look
at the grid itself,
you realize that the
greatest fractal.
It's a fractal grid
wrapped around this planet,
based on magnetic
energies and frequencies.
And then as you travel it,
if there's a landmass there,
or if even some of
them are submerged,
you discover things like
Dwarka, and Baalbek, and Giza,
and all these other places.
You start to begin to
discover that there's
these ancient people built
megalithic structures
on these nodes.
Why would they do that?
And how did they know
that it even existed?
Sylvester James
S. Gates, Jr. He's
an American theoretical
physicist who
works on super-symmetry,
super-gravity, and super-string
theory.
He retired from the
Physics department
at the University of
Maryland College of Computer,
and Mathematical, and
Natural Sciences in 2017.
He's now the Ford
Foundation Professor
of Physics at Brown University.
He was a University of
Maryland Regents Professor
and served on former president
Barack Obama's Council
of Advisors on Science
and Technology.
I think he has a
little bit of a resume.
I think this guy might
know a couple of things.
That's all I'm saying.
Well, he discovered something
called adinkra codes
in the space time of the
ether that we're manifesting
and that we're living in
right now consciously.
Something called adinkra codes.
Now, when I heard that the
first time, my jaw dropped.
Because I was researching
adinkras from the Dogon tribe
in Mali, Africa.
Because I was
researching the fact
that the Dogon tribe in Africa
had known about the Sirius
star system.
They had known about
Sirius A, B, and C
long before modern science he
became close to knowing they
existed.
Not only that, the Dogon
tribe out of Mali, Africa
knew all about every planet
in our entire solar system,
the size, shape, and colors
of the planets, as well.
They knew it.
They even knew that Uranus
was laying on its side.
How in the world could
they know this information?
The Dogon tribe out
there in Africa.
They're originally from where?
Ancient Egypt, the land of Kem.
They migrated out
of the land of Kem
at some point in
the distant past
and moved into this
area called Mali.
But they kept all of
the ancient traditions
and all that ancient knowledge.
And they said that the Nommos
came from Sirius B, which
are these Anunnaki creatures,
the sky gods of old,
and taught them
this information.
And they have passed this
information down for thousands,
and thousands, and thousands
of years, generation
to generation,
through the leaders
of the group, or the clan, or
tribe, if you want to call it.
Now these adinkra codes--
here are their codes.
You can see their
code, and then you
see the scientific discovery,
or I should say, rediscovery.
All of these geometric
symbols can be also replicated
in modern day times
now at the bottom
in new mathematic geometrical
codes called adinkras.
And these adinkra codes are what
govern our space time reality
that we operate and navigate
in the third dimension
in these flesh machines
that we have right here.
OK?
They give us the
illusory of matter.
And they are, literally,
you're looking
at the actual programming
of the matrix.
You're witnessing the
matrix programming.
Right now, if you ever wondered
what the matrix looks like,
what the program
code looks like,
this is the program
code for the matrix.
As above, so below,
on every level.
The same software
program that we're
using to create this
presentation right here
are the same software
programs that
are operating and creating
the matrix system that we're
living, and operating, and
maneuvering through right now.
How can that be?
It's because you have
to understand the source
energy that created
this entire realm is
flowing in us, through
us, and out of us.
It is us and we are it.
There is no such thing
as, I had an idea.
as, I invented something.
The information is
transmitted to you,
and if you're on the right
frequency, you receive it.
And then, if you have enough
intuition, you decipher it.
And if you have enough
ambition, then you
will put it out there
as an invention,
or as information,
or as knowledge
that you teach to somebody.
Everything that I'm saying up
here, I don't know any of it.
It all came to me through
what they call a download.
And so when you hear
people say, all right,
download information.
And some people are going,
man, this person is crazy.
They're downloading information.
You have to
understand something.
The human body is a
two way Wi-Fi source.
OK?
DNA, human DNA,
scientists took DNA out
of a person, a human
being, one gram.
Enough to put on the
tip of your finger.
They then connected it
to a microchip processor
in a hard drive and uploaded
and downloaded zeros and ones
from it.
Said, wow.
This DNA stores digital
information like a computer.
They then uploaded the
entire book onto it,
and downloaded the
entire book onto it.
Then they uploaded the entire
Library of Congress onto it,
and downloaded the entire
Library of Congress on it.
They said, wait a minute.
What's the storage capacity
on this one gram of DNA?
Turns out that 1 gram of DNA
can store 700 terabytes of data.
Which means that every
single one of you in here
has enough DNA in your body
to store all the information.
One person in here, one human
being, one person, one body,
all the information
from the beginning
of the creation of this
universe till this very second.
All that knowledge, information,
and data is inside of your body
right now.
That's how powerful it is.
So when you start to
look into this stuff,
and you go, wow, what in
the world is going on here?
Fractal holographic universe.
We're living in
a program matrix.
Our bodies operate
like software.
You start to really
understand that we possibly
are living in a civilization
created by an ancestor
civilization above
us, whether it's
a divinity or divine creator,
whether you believe it's God,
or whatever you believe,
it's a creation.
But I'm showing you
the method that's
being used to
operate this matrix,
and operate and program it to
where we navigate through it.
Let's look at creation
according to Hermes.
"In the beginning,
Nous, also known as God,
created a second Nous,
who became a craftsman
and created the world.
Nous II creates seven
powers in the seven spheres
around what would become Earth.
The spheres have control
over what will be on Earth."
You see?
We're talking again
about control,
and controlling frequencies,
their control, how we think,
operate, and navigate as
human beings on this planet.
There's these
levels to the game.
Levels to the game.
And anybody here ever seen
"Jupiter Ascending," the movie?
If you've seen that movie,
you understand that there's
levels to the game.
There's people out
there that just go
to work and punch a time clock.
And there's always people
out there that own planets.
Then there's people out
there that own solar systems.
And there's people out
there that own galaxies.
This is real.
Real, real, real.
There's people out
there that are running
this region of space itself,
this particular section
of the Milky Way galaxy.
There's people that run this
place, that own this place, way
above us on another
level, on another level,
totally another level.
They control what
we know as destiny.
The seven spheres are the
moon, the Sun, Mercury, Venus,
Jupiter, and Saturn.
Those are archetypes,
basically, what those are.
Here is the beginning
of astrology.
Nous, two sets of
spheres in motion,
and life begins on Earth.
So we're going to get a
demonstration from Hermes
36,000 years ago, maybe
even further back than that,
as to how life creates.
Now, he talks about something
called the seven principles.
And these are seven principles.
I'm not going to
go over them today.
I'm going to go over
these on Monday.
This is why I put this slide up.
Monday, I have a
post-conference lecture
at 8:00 PM, 8:00 PM to
10:30 PM, here somewhere.
You've got to look
it up on the book.
But I'll be talking about the
seven hermetic principles.
And I'll be going in depth into
these seven hermetic principles
on Monday at the
post-conference show.
So if you want to learn a
little bit more about that,
please come to the
post-conference show.
I'm going to really go deep
into these hermetic principles
and metaphysics, and how they
apply to our everyday lives.
I'm going to make
the correlation
to take all the mysticism out of
it, and make you understand it,
and then be able to actually
apply it to your everyday life.
The second principle that we've
been talking about all day
long so far has
been, guess what?
The principle of correspondence.
As above, so below.
That's literally what
we've been talking
about in this fractal
holographic matrix.
Everything you can see
at the smallest scale
operates at the
larger scale, period.
Just like Bill
Lipton said, he said
that, I don't need to look at
a cell, because I am a cell.
If you look at a cell, the cell
can do everything I can do,
and I can do everything
a cell can do.
You can just keep expounding
on that and get to as large
as you can get.
And you can see that
we're living inside
of something that is not
only holographic by nature
but the fundamental basis of
it, it's a living organism,
as well.
It's kind of hard to
put the two together.
But we're living.
If you take and create
a robot and inject
artificial intelligence
into it, you literally
have a robot that you
created that's alive.
It may even be sentient.
So it's the same
method, same technique.
Take saying that it's
holographic by nature
doesn't take away the fact it
is sentient and that it's alive.
So you have to really be able
to merge the two together
in your mind.
The amazing thing about the seed
of life, which is right here,
it starts off as
these six circles
surrounded by the seventh.
And it literally is
the fundamental basis
of the start of most life
in the universe, I believe.
Now, on Earth, for
sure, it's there.
In the base of your spine
are these same seven cells
and they remain there
for your entire life.
If you look at the cross
section cut of DNA,
you're going to see, on
an electron microscope,
you're going to see
the seed of life.
As above, so below.
It's everywhere.
OK?
You can't escape it.
And the beautiful thing
about the seed of life
is that, look here,
through mitosis,
you're looking at,
on the left side,
you're looking at the
geometric pattern.
And you're seeing how it
relates to biological life going
towards the right as we
move through the biological
processes to create more
sophisticated, more complex
cell division, getting
into a very complicated
what we call a
biological organism.
But if you're looking here on
the left side, as you scroll,
as you go down these circles
and you get to the bottom,
you end up at the
flower of life.
When anybody here ever wish
they could see the face of God?
Well, you look at
the flower of life.
That's the face of God.
That's what I have on
my neck right here.
This is the face of God.
You're looking at the
face of God right here.
God is not a man.
There is no man that's running,
that's creating universes out
there called God, in
my personal opinion.
I hope that doesn't offend
anybody, but God is not a man.
God is a spiritual
divine energy.
And that divine
energy has a shape.
And the shape of that divine
energy is the flower of life.
The frequencies that emanate
from between these patterns
literally jingles
matter into existence,
and jingles energetic
particles into existence
on a consistent basis.
And it never stops.
And that is flowing in you,
through you, and out of you
at this very, very
moment right now.
What Nikola Tesla rediscovered
that the ancient Egyptians
already knew was that you can
tap into this zero point energy
field.
Because inside of the
flower of life is something
called a 64-grid tetrahedron.
And in that 64-grid tetrahedron
is something called a vector
equilibrium.
And in the vector
equilibrium, science
found out that there
is an unlimited source
of energy emanating from that
flower of life right now.
Unlimited.
All these lights
and everything else,
it's powering this
entire planet.
We don't need fuel.
We don't need gas.
We don't need electric cars
and all this kind of stuff.
We should literally be able
to just tap into it as we go.
You should just turn
your cell phone on,
and it will just literally
suck in the energy right
from the ether of space
time, right into it,
and charge itself up.
This shouldn't even be
any to plug your cell
phone into a wall.
But that's another timeline.
Unfortunately, that we--
[LAUGHTER]
--we forfeited.
That's the Nikola Tesla
timeline, obviously.
You know, a lot of
these ancient techniques
and scientific discoveries have
been oppressed and suppressed
from the general population
for many eons, many, many eons.
Because the people
that are in control
and power on this planet
don't want this information
to get out.
They want people to
stay dumbed down.
If a few thousand people
learn about it this year,
they're happy.
But if seven billion people
learn this, it's game over.
Game over.
Religious systems collapse.
Multi-trillion dollar industry,
governmental systems collapse.
All these major
corporations that
siphon money out
of your pockets,
and take money
out of your mouths
that you can be using to do
other things with your life,
and have you work until
you're 65, 70, 80 years old,
draining every bit of
life out of your body.
You're dying at
70, but you should
be living to 150, 200 years.
But because of all
the poison that
they put into your body
and everything else.
They do this to keep you dumbed
down, keep you dying early,
keep you so preoccupied
with having to go to work
and pay bills so that
you don't find this out.
Again, as above, so below.
So when you're looking here,
you look at a brain cell,
and look at the
universe zoomed out.
You look at the
birth of a cell, you
look at the death of a star.
You look at your iris
and you look at a nebula.
It's all the same.
As above, so below.
We're living in a
software program
that interfaces with itself.
And it's self similar
on every single level.
This is the Osirian temple
which I've been to in person.
If you go on my page, you can
see me walking around here.
It's partially buried in
water or submerged in water
at certain times of the
year, as the Nile or whatever
feeds it rises and
falls from time to time.
Luckily, when I was
there it was down.
This image here is the flower
of life atomically etched
into a stone pillar
at the Osirian temple,
right behind the temple
of Abydos in Egypt.
We're talking about the
knowledge of this goes back.
This Osirian temple is
not 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40.
This Osirian temple is probably
60,000, 70,000 years old.
Yeah, just coincidence.
It just happened.
They just came up with the
idea of a pattern in their head
and exited in there somehow
atomically into the pillar.
They knew about this from
ancient, ancient times.
And you're looking at,
again, the face of God.
When you're looking
at our solar system,
when you're looking
at an atom, when
you're looking at the
electrons orbiting an atom.
In a solar system, planets
can change position.
I don't know if you knew that.
If you look at the scientific
data of our solar system
you find that I
believe it was maybe
Saturn and Jupiter
switched positions
in ancient times because of a
very large rogue planet that
passed through.
Hm.
Wonder which planet that was.
When you read to
enumerated list,
you discover it was Marduk,
or also known as Nibiru,
passed through our solar
system in ancient times.
Gravitational field of
that caused two planets
to shift position.
Scientifically proven.
Look at an electron.
When an atom combines or
crashes into another atom,
energetically,
sometimes electrons
will change position or jump to
higher orbits around that atom,
based on the collision.
So you see,
everything, it's all--
no matter what skill you go
to, subatomic or classical,
you always find out
the similarities.
This is going to give you
a quick idea relatively
about cymatics--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
--and how things
relate to each other.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In the lower corner, you see
Earth's path around the Sun
as it creates a fractal pattern.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
All sacred geometry.
On the other side, you see a
speaker vibrating, and creating
cymatic geometric images, as
well as the audio levitation
through frequencies
levitating water droplets.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You see the vector equilibrium
from the water droplets,
they've formed into
a Metatron's cube.
[LAUGHS] Through
frequencies and vibration.
By the way, did
you like that song?
OK.
That's my song.
[LAUGHTER]
So go to Apple, iTunes, go
to Google Play, Spotify,
and just look up
Forbidden Knowledge.
And I've got quite a
few songs up there.
Please play them, stream them.
Don't download them.
Just keep playing them
over and over again.
Because it helps with
my future college
funds for future children.
[LAUGHTER]
Thank you for the
shameless plug.
So yeah, I see.
I'm going to give you one
more quick demonstration
before I start to kind of close
this thing out and give you
the summary of everything here.
As above, so below.
Something you may
have never considered.
On the top left, this is you
as a spermatozoa originally.
That's the male energy
of the universe.
The female energy is actually
the energetic particle
streaming out of
the vesica pisces,
which actually creates dark
matter and everything else.
But as you see, these sperms
are trying to penetrate an egg.
And as you see, on
the opposite side,
one lucky guy gets through.
So he gets in there.
He's squeezing through
and gets to the inside.
And once that happens,
that's when the spark of life
occurs, in terms of the
cell division process,
to start that seed
of life formation.
Then in the lower corner,
you see a human brain,
and a spinal cord.
Now, that spinal
cord and human brain
look very similar to a sperm.
Now, I'm not saying
it is a sperm.
Obviously, it's not, because
more complex structures
have gone together to create a
human brain and a spinal cord.
But what I'm saying is, they
look very, very similar.
And that's important to
understand how these two
objects are very similar.
As above, so below.
And all of this stuff on
the outside of your body
is just there to help keep
that spinal cord and that brain
stem alive.
So it's just another way of
looking at, as above, so below.
So this is a meme that
I made a long time ago.
"Hello, I am the universe.
And it is a pleasure for
you to meet yourself."
So you have to understand
that you are the universe,
and the universe is you.
And when you
understand that, you'll
start to operate
differently in your life.
Your life will completely
transcend and change.
Not instantaneously,
but over time.
You'll see the changes
happen and occur
when you realize the true
power that's inside of you
and is flowing through you.
And that you actually
take part in co-creation
of this whole dimension
and this whole reality.
Let's take a quick look
at what is a hologram.
It's a three-dimensional
image formed
by the interference
of light beams
from a laser or other
coherent light source.
A photograph of an
interference pattern
that, when suitably
illuminated, produces
a three-dimensional image.
That's what a hologram is.
There's something above
dimensions above dimensions
above dimensions.
And it's a very
sophisticated device.
And when you look into a lot
of what quantum physicists are
saying, they're all coming
to the same agreement now,
is the fact that, they
believe that we're not
living in base reality.
In other words, base
reality, wherever
that is, wherever
that started, that's
still a big giant question mark.
How did all this begin?
How did it all start?
At some particular
point, something
started these universal patterns
or these multi-versal patterns.
And then, at some point, beings
got sophisticated enough--
or an entity, or divine energy,
whatever you want to call it,
your god--
and started recreating, and
recreating, and recreating.
When you look at a
hologram, you got
to realize that it's a copy.
And when you take a small
piece of that hologram
out and look at it, you're
going to find the entire whole
in that smallest piece.
And that's what's
happening here with us.
And we are the Sims.
Anybody know what the
Sims video game is?
Yeah.
It's a video game, if you don't
know, that people live in.
They have husbands, and wives,
and cats, and dogs, and babies.
And they travel to work.
And they come home
and everything else.
Just like a regular
person, a regular family.
They go to clubs, and party,
and all this crazy stuff.
And we control them
to a certain point.
And they kind of do their thing.
Well, the creator
of the Sims is now
saying that the game
will be conscious through
artificial intelligence.
Originally, it was within 20.
But now, it's down to
between 5 to 8 years.
5 to 8 years from now,
the Sims video game
will have conscious entities
living inside of it.
Will their Big Bang
be when we turn
the switch on the game console?
Is that the Big Bang for them?
And then, they're going to
begin to question, who are we?
Where did we come from?
Who is our God?
What level of reality are we at?
And then, will they begin
to develop and build
their own video games?
And then, will they inject
artificial intelligence
into their games, creating
another universe that's
artificial?
What level of reality
are we living in?
There could be trillions and
trillions of levels to reality.
We could hypothetically
be living
in the science project
of some high school
kid in another dimension.
[LAUGHTER]
It sounds far fetched, but in
true reality it's possible.
It's very possible.
If you saw the movie
"Men in Black,"
where they had an entire
galaxy on a necklace.
And inside that
galaxy were probably
billions of entities living.
OK?
This is the kind
of thing you have
to stretch and wrap your mind.
It's very hard to wrap your
mind completely around it.
But it's what we believe
is really happening.
I'm just going to wrap
this up here with this.
I think this is very important.
One of the things
I wanted to say
was that I don't believe
that God is a man.
So when I hear people
referencing, he, he,
he can do this,
and he can do that,
and he's going to save
us, and everything else.
I believe that the
creator of the universe
is represented by a
geometric image called
the flower of life.
That's what I believe.
And there's something
above that, that interjects
or interfaces with that.
That, I don't know
of at this time.
I have obviously have to
pass out of this dimension
to learn that.
But what I have learned is
that the energetic energy
that comes in through the flower
of life is feminine by nature.
And that's the vesica pisces.
This is where the two
circles intersect and create
a portal opening, which is
called the womb of creation.
Hey, guys, Forbidden
Knowledge here.
I want to talk to you real
quick about the vesica
pisces, the womb of creation.
A circle actually
has two points,
point A and point B.
These two single points
are actually clones
of one another.
And those two points
have equal potential,
because point A can
rotate around point B,
and point B can
rotate around point A.
This is one radius that
both circles share.
The black form in the middle
is called the vesica pisces.
You are literally looking
at the womb of the universe.
Every single thing that exists
emanates from the vesica
pisces.
I mean all.
All of the vibratory frequencies
that create a material world
actually emanate from this womb.
The energy from the matrix
is feminine by nature.
The ancients called
it the Sofia energy.
They already knew the universal
energy was actually feminine.
And this is why you see a
big suppression of femininity
in the world today.
If you've ever been
to Egypt or anywhere
in the Middle East, where a lot
of the cradle of civilization
really started, you see
the oppression of women.
You even see it here
in the Americas.
You see it all over the
world, because they want
us to suppress the femininity.
Because they don't want women to
know how powerful they really,
truly are, the power
that's in them.
It's true.
Yeah.
I would applaud yourself.
I mean, because listen.
Everything comes out of a womb.
OK?
And I mean, everything
in this dimension.
Not only through
energetically, but then also
biologically for us.
We're coming out
of a womb, as well.
And women are the
most powerful beings
on the face of this planet.
But that's been kept out.
And you've been kept out
of going to synagogues,
kept out of being
able to go to church,
able to vote, kept out
of being able to
work this or do that,
kept out of being able to
have these same rights as men,
and so forth, and so on.
And then and survive alone
all these other places.
You've been forced to even
suppress your own looks.
You can't wear, you got to
cover your whole body and all
this other.
This is all about
suppression of this.
That's what it
all stems back to.
Now, do the people that
are doing this to the women
these days really understand
and know this at this point?
No, but it's been handed down
for so many thousands of years
it's become part of culture now.
But this was the
original source.
It's to suppress women from
knowing how truly powerful
they really are.
So I want to thank everybody
for coming out to my talk today.
[APPLAUSE]
I appreciate you.
Thank you.